map are searching, inserting, and deleting items. • Maps can be implemented using lists, arrays, or linked lists. • Implementations using either arrays or linked list are easy, and both result in O(n) search performance. • Depending on the key, performance can be reduced to O(logn)). 3 Maps Maps • The main operations of a map are searching, inserting, and deleting items. • Maps can be implemented using lists, arrays, or linked lists. • Implementations using either arrays or linked list are easy, and both result in O(n) search performance. • Depending on the key, performance can be reduced to O(logn)). • (If keys were like an index in an array, then access can be achieved in O(1).) 3 Maps Map ADT • The Map Interface enforces the generic type <K,V>. • The Map ADT has the following methods: • get(k): map M has an entry with key k, return its associated value; else, return null • put(k, v): insertentry(k, v)intomapM;ifkeykisnotalready in M, then return null; else, return old value associated with k • remove(k): map M has an entry with key k, remove it from M and return its associated value; else, return null • size(), isEmpty() • entrySet(): return an iterable collection of the entries in M • keySet(): return an iterable collection of the keys in M • values(): return an iterator of the values in M 4 • A hash map is similar to a map, but it uses a hash function of the key to compute the index for storing the pair <K, V> in an array. • In order to use the hash code, keys must be converted to integers, if not already integers. • If the integer keys are not in the given range (0 to N −1), then a HASH function is used to map the keys to corresponding indices in a table. • Hash maps are generally implemented using an array (so that you have O(1) access to any index). Maps Hash Maps • Maps support the abstraction of using integer keys as indices. The capacity of the map is N, and indices range 0 to N −1. 5 • In order to use the hash code, keys must be converted to integers, if not already integers. • If the integer keys are not in the given range (0 to N −1), then a HASH function is used to map the keys to corresponding indices in a table. • Hash maps are generally implemented using an array (so that you have O(1) access to any index). Maps Hash Maps • Maps support the abstraction of using integer keys as indices. The capacity of the map is N, and indices range 0 to N −1. • A hash map is similar to a map, but it uses a hash function of the key to compute the index for storing the pair <K, V> in an array. 5 • If the integer keys are not in the given range (0 to N −1), then a HASH function is used to map the keys to corresponding indices in a table. • Hash maps are generally implemented using an array (so that you have O(1) access to any index). Maps Hash Maps • Maps support the abstraction of using integer keys as indices. The capacity of the map is N, and indices range 0 to N −1. • A hash map is similar to a map, but it uses a hash function of the key to compute the index for storing the pair <K, V> in an array. • In order to use the hash code, keys must be converted to integers, if not already integers. 5 • Hash maps are generally implemented using an array (so that you have O(1) access to any index). Maps Hash Maps • Maps support the abstraction of using integer keys as indices. The capacity of the map is N, and indices range 0 to N −1. • A hash map is similar to a map, but it uses a hash function of the key to compute the index for storing the pair <K, V> in an array. • In order to use the hash code, keys must be converted to integers, if not already integers. • If the integer keys are not in the given range (0 to N −1), then a HASH function is used to map the keys to corresponding indices in a table. 5 Maps Hash Maps • Maps support the abstraction of using integer keys as indices. The capacity of the map is N, and indices range 0 to N −1. • A hash map is similar to a map, but it uses a hash function of the key to compute the index for storing the pair <K, V> in an array. • In order to use the hash code, keys must be converted to integers, if not already integers. • If the integer keys are not in the given range (0 to N −1), then a HASH function is used to map the keys to corresponding indices in a table. • Hash maps are generally implemented using an array (so that you have O(1) access to any index). 5 • Hash Maps allow null kThe heck?Also known as a dictionary or associative array.The way to structure data by mapping keys to value.These are implemented in such a way that any interactionIt's blazingly fast. Instead of looping through an in-Hooray! Hashmaps know exactly where to look in this run.Instant time. These are used everywhere by language.for those looking at variable names and by any document basedbases such as Mongo. So, how is all of this magic...you to start with a regular array of any length once.We're gonna learn about hash tablesstacks and queues. Hash tables represent a dynamicof data. Hashtable support.Insert, delete, and search operations.Where hash tables really shine is search.As they have an average search timea go of one.The big ol' van in the worst case. Aw, man. What?Thank you.We're gonna learn about hash tables.Accent cues, hash tables represent a dynamic.data. Hashtables supportDelete and search operations.Where hash tables really sign is search.as they have an average search time ofof one. Although this degradesJoven in the worst case.It's a binding variable, so you can't...Thank you.Learn about hash tables SaludX and q's hash tables represent a dynamicdata. Hashtable support.Delete and search operations.Where hash tables really shine is search.As they have an average search time ofof one. Although this degradesYou've all been in the worst case.Start by noting that the term hash table is sometimes.クリスマスThank you for watching.आपको अच्छा लग रहा है।अच्छा लग रहा है ।I don't know.Look at yours, it's my greenनिनाईश्रिस कोईसा भी बटन दबादेख कार्ड का तो ब्लू ही रहना पड़ेगापर पर याओंट टौप पे भी डाल सकते हैंकार्ड का तो कंसिस्टेंसी के लिए मैं ब्लू ही रखना चाहिए।Green card is switch. Switch.Il y a de la gloutre, hein ?दीन तो हाइलाइट होने पर देख रहा है।시청해주셔서 감사합니다!ஓ! கிரீணை! டாக் கிரீணை!I mean it's not, I don't think so.Åh, visst är det där det är? Det är inte där det är. Men det är människor.मतलब आई पॉस्टेनली लाइकDesigned with it. We were black and white. مجھے مطلب ہے کہ یہ صحیح نہیں ہےयह हाइलाइट का यह बीन है। उसको नॉमल करते हैं।rather than consistent with the previous design.Can we do that? Yeah جو یہ ہائل لائٹ ہو کے ایسے گرین ہوये ग्रीन शाइडो नहीं शाइडोیعنی یہ گرین یہ وہ اس کوकिस चीज के सारे करते हैं।اگر آپ کو اپنے بہن ڈالنے کے لئے اپنے بہن ڈالنے کے لئے اپنے بہن ڈالنے کے لئےपूरा ब्लू अटाता और ग्रीन रखो नहीं अगर ब्लू हैدیکھنا ہے کہ یہاں پر یہ بلو ہےتو اب اس کو یہ اگلے لیکن گرین کا ایڈیو پیس اس کے لیے رکھیںकलरिंग आरम्मेरा ये पॉइंट हैवो बोल रहा है कि जो ब्लाक बाडर है एनिशिल्लीया तो ब्लू, या तो ग्रींगतो या दो ब्लू, या दो ग्रीं, दोनों...ते कुछ जैसे रखना है, मेरी मालो मुझे तो गरता हैएक color parity है जो उसके साथ stick करना चाहिए।ڈیم ڈلو اور بلیویٹ اور ایک دوسرے پیلیٹMaybe I'll do a little bit of color padding, maybe I'll...बैट मेरे ख्याल से हमें एक खला लेना चाहिए और उसके साथ स्टेट करते हैंइसको ग्रीन कर देखेंJust click blue on white, website in blue.or just white and green websiteतो अच्छा ऐसा कर, किसको मेरे ख्याल से ब्लू कर दोیہاں پہ کچھ گرین کالے ہیں یہ اچھا ہوتا ہے؟Aștept să vă mulțumim pentru vizionare și ne revedem în următoarea rețetă.میں تے کو سمجھا رہا ہوںThank you for watching.क्या चल रहा है, अगर आप प्रीक्ट करने के लिए चल रहे हैं।Thank you.What do you have?Thank you.میں نے چار منٹ گٹ فیچ کر لی گراب نوٹس کیسے آنے چاہیے ہیں؟Thank you very much.See you.।میں نے اس کو بڑا کر دیا سینٹر کر دیایہ پارٹس کیسے لگ رہے ہیں یہ پارٹس ابھی یہ مجھے ایڈٹ کر رہے ہیں😲😲😲😲😲오늘도 시청해주셔서 감사합니다.Thank you.Thank you for watching.Thank you. Bye-bye. Thank you so much for watching.Thank you for watching.Thank you.Thank you for watching.میری کمیٹس آئی ہے ہو گیا ہوگاबहय एक उद्मी डाउट भी है इसको वगड़ा वाली सायड करते हैकाफ़ी पुराना कामेट आ रहा हूंगा वो आ वो पुराना कहगा भीپڑی ہوئی ہے اس میںThank you for watching.Thank you.Thank you for watching.시청해주셔서 감사합니다.Oh, that's a pain.تشتركوا في القناة😲😲😲😲😲시청 해주셔서 감사합니다.Bye-bye.Today we're gonna learn about hash tables.Acts in queues. Hash tables represent a dynamic set of data.Hashtable support insert, delete, and search.operations where hash tables really shine.search as they have an average search time.of 1, although this degrades to big O of n.Worst case, I'll start by noting.Hashtable is sometimes used interchangeably with dictionary.So this is actually beautiful.App keys to values.Hashtables are a specific way to implement the dictionary.Hashing functionWe've seen or worked with dictionaries or hash tables if you've done basic programming.Here's Python code showing dictionary.Okay guys, bye guys.talk about our Key-Value Mapping implementation.Try that one more time.잘먹었습니다.見てくれてありがとう.Thank you for watching.youそれではおつかれさまでしたOkay, we'll let that.Can you just turn it on now?Hello. Hello. Hello.Thank you so much for watching !We're going to learn about hash tables.Stacks and queues. Hash tables represent a dynamicData. Hashtable support.delete, and search operations.Where hash tables really shine is search.As I have an average search timego of one, although this is a great.Big O of N in the worst case.Use interchangeably with dictionary.I'll start by noting that the term hash table is sometimes...Represent a generic way to map keys to value.Hashtables are a specificWay to implement a dictionary using a hashing.Oh, oh, yeah, a UFO.word live transcription.It's Live Transcription.लाइब, रियल टाइम रो, रियल टाइम.I am prompt because I said I'll only use information from the lecture.यही है उसका ही है, यह देखे पूरे लिएاور یہ دیکھ دینامک ڈیٹا بھی اس نے بولا تھاअगर तू आउट औफ करता है तो करेंगा तू आउट औफ करेंगा तू करेंगाउसने साँ इंसर्च अंपलीशन सर्जنہیں، بڑھتا ہی نہیں ہےअपनी knowledge से भी देगा अपनी knowledge से भी देगा उसेایسی بات نہیں ہے پوچھ کے دیکھ وہ ووٹنگThere's an AVL.یہ کیا ہوا یہ کیا ہواकहा गया मेरा दोस्त아베! 이제 좀 껴안아ये बड़ा हो गया तो I think तेरा वो एंट फ़ुर मी थी।Ayyyyy motherfucker YesOK.Why are you doing this to me?कंटेनेनेनर कुछ होगाइंपोर्ट कंटेनर भी ठीक हैپھلا اوور فلو آئے آٹو کر دیا تھانہیں وہ گیا ہوتا ہےउसी से स्क्रॉ लेबल होगायहाँ पर हिड़िंग की जगे क्या डालूँ?फ्लो वाई आउटर नहीं नहींपरदाश वाईज़ कोलन आटोلیٹس آئیڈ میڈیवाले डिफ्शो करते हैं ओर फ्रोडाश वाई कर दर तुस बेड़े बाते हैंपूरा डूगा उसके उपरे सबसे पहले क्वाइशन का है।코끼리प्रेड़ ऑप्शिन्स करेंवो उप्शिन्स ग्रिट है टेकनिकलीI don't know what's going on, I just...अग ओप्शेंट भी चाहें काउंट रहे हैं।उसको प्राये केज्ञ का सीन है।उन सारे गाड़्स की आईवीज़ हैं।लोडिंग नहीं है तो उसमें ट्रै कैचएडर भी साला ये तो मूव हो रहा है ये देखे वियल आगेइसलिए, अब जब भी कोई क्लिक करता है तो आपको नेश्य करते हैं।सिस्टम परॉण में कुछ और डालो फ़ुर, नो मैटर वाट गुन।नहीं पीडियेफ वेले में तो नहीं आता वोइसे दो नहीं आतातब तो बीडिया वाले नहीं है, हम सेम्पोर्डियों से करने करना है।सोफी को आना जो अरे वो जिस में बैड़ा हैने उजो बाना था इसने लिए मेरा भाईकी बात कर रहा है, इसलिए उसका नाम लिखा रहा हूँ.자막제공 배달의민족Oh. Laughter.Thank you for watching.We're gonna learn about hash tables.The accent cues hash tables represent a dynamicset of data. Hashtable support insert, delete.Operations where hash tables really shine.As they have an average search time, a big O of 1.Although this degrades to big O of N in the worst case.I'll start by noting that the term hash table is sometimes used interchangeably.What are you talking about?I think we're gonna learn about hash tables.stacks and keys, the hash tables represent a dynamicdata. Hashtable support.Delete and search operationsWhere hash tables really shine is search.As I have an average search timeGo of one. Although this degree.Big O of N in the worst case.I'll start by noting that the term hash table is sometimesUse interchangeably with dictionary.These represent a generic way to map keys.Hashtables are a specificway to implement a dictionary using a hash.action.We've seen or worked with dictionaries or hashtag.I genuinely fell in love with this beautiful answerدے رہا ہے بہت سیکسی آنسز دے رہا ہےThank you for watching.Thanks for watching!많관부이 영상은 유료광고를 포함하고 있습니다.시청해주셔서 감사합니다!시청해주셔서 감사합니다!시청해 주셔서 감사합니다.So, if you guys want to...بنا دیتے ہیں نوٹCome on.Sssssssssss, telan....Thank you for watching.ご覧いただきありがとうございます。Thank you for watching.Thank you for watching.बर्मा, मैंने चार्ची बीड़े मैंने गाने करते हैं।Thank you all for the media, let me get a second one.Не буду мы его пить, это я.اگلی ویڈیوڈیوٹلز اور پی بائی بائیOh, Franklin, who was that?.Thank you for watching.नहीं नहीं। क्योंकि आप पता को सम्माई कर सकते है।Thank you for watching.परवाराज़ करने के लिए प्रस्तुत्र नगाजयागे सब्प्रवाराज़ करने के लिएThank you for watching.시청해주셔서 감사합니다! 구독과 좋아요 부탁드려요!Thank you.Thank you for watching.Youकहते रहे हैं, कहीं पे जोने ग्रींग यूस्ट करें।react chat bot for us CRBeijo시청해 주셔서 감사합니다.시청해 주셔서 감사합니다.시청 해주셔서 감사합니다.Thank you for watching.시청해 주셔서 감사합니다.Thank you for watching.시청 해주셔서 감사합니다.시청해 주셔서 감사합니다.